%% Version 2.0, 2019 by Bijulal D.
%% For use of Fifth semester BTech Design Project

Step 1
    Open the folder named "editable-files"
    All the four files are to be edited for different purposes.
    File "ab.tex" should be edited to include your abstract and a few key words included in it.
    File "abbrev.tex" is only for abbreviation definitions. If abbreviations are not separately required in a page, ignore the file. Not needed to remove it.
    File "ack.tex" is to include acknowledgements in the report. The mater for the acknowledgements has to be written in this file. Remember to do editing only in the space provided and marked for editing. 
    File "acr.tex" is for defining the acronyms to be used in the report. That file has to be edited to include the title, your personal details, department details, names of guide, HoD, coordinator, etc. as per requirement. 

Once these files are edited, go to next step.

Step 2
    The folder "bibliography-files" contains the bibliography related files. It has a file named "report.bib" which contains the details of the references to be used in the report. Add required number of references to this file. Do not forget to use unique identification key to each entry. These keys will be used to cite and accordingly to create reference list entries.
 
Step 3
   Come back to the root folder. There is this file and its .pdf version, another .pdf file, and one file named "design-proj.tex"
    Open "design-proj.tex" in your LaTeX editor (preferably TeXstudio)
    Compile the file by using the green coloured 'play' button or F6 key in the keyboard.
    Open "design-proj.pdf" file after this compilation. You will get the contents modified by your editing made earlier in Step 1, incomparison to the file named “design-proj-ktu-format.pdf”. Modifications done in Step 2 will be visible only after the corresponding citation entries from the edited .bib file is used in some chapter of the report.

Step 4
    Open the folder "chapter-files". There will be many .tex files with different names. Each if these files has to contain each chapter of the report. Some files are named according to the chapter names. If more number of chapters are required, add more .tex files as required. However, these files are to be included in the appropriate place in the report in the required order. Ask me for help in this regard. 
    Now you can edit each of these files one by one, save them, and do compilation of the first file, "design-proj.tex". You can notice the changes in the compiled file according to your editing. 

Step 5
    All figures required for the report have to be kept in the folder, "picture-files" folder. Preferred formats are .pdf, .png, .jpg, .jpeg, etc. Create .pdf or .png of them from the native programmes by which the figures are created, viz., MatLab, Mathematica, AutoCad, MSExcel, LibreOffice calc, draw, Visio, etc. 
    If .pdf is created, make sure the white space of each images is cropped off appropriately. In the command window of both Windows and Linux, the following command can be used to crop the .pdf format pictures: "pdfcrop file.pdf newfile.pdf", where, "file.pdf" is the original file and "newfile.pdf" is the cropped file. New file can be renamed as per your convenience. 
    The files should be included to the chapters using the codes similar to the ones used in the provided file.

Step 6
	Note down the errors during the compilation and communicate to me. Else, keep that paragraph hidden by using a “%” symbol as the first character and try compiling again. 
    Better communicate the errors to me and get it cleared. 
	
--- Enjoy LaTeX ---